Package provide the mecha to group the classes in same module


1. basic
    many benefit:
        + avoid the conflicts name
        + group classes which have some relation
        + control access to classes and members with access modifiers (you'll learn about this in another topic)
    name of package always be lowercase
    package can contain the other package and whole struture in the directory
    package always at the top of the code
2. import class
    1. if want to use class of the other package
        using the import
            package org.hyperskill.java.packages.theory.p1
            import org.hyperskill.java.packages.theory.p2.B 
            when import must code full name
    2. 
        Ex:
            package country
                class Republic
                package state
                    class City
                    class average
                package territory
                    class Urban
                    class Rural


        -class city and state in the same subpackage -> use one class inside
        the other with a short name.
        -Urban, rural and subpackage territory is the same

        - If u want to use any class of subpackage territory inside
        the class of subpackage state , or vice versa, u need to write full name
        of this class.  Moreover, if you want to use classes from the subpackages state 
        or territory inside the class Republic from the package country or vice versa,
        you also need to write a full name or import the class. 
4. import standard classes
    no different between standard and custom
5. static import
    has the benefit that x.sort -> sort(x) coz sort is the 
    method of class so in normal x.sort
    Ex;
    import static java.util.Arrays.*; // instead of the statement "import java.util.Arrays;"
->        sort(numbers); // instead of writing Arrays.sort(...)
6. Default package
    if we do not write any package before
    difine our class, it will be placed inside the 
    Default package.
    -> so disadvantage ->  classes located here can't be imported to classes 
    located inside named packages.
    Ex:
        The following class cannot be used in a class located inside packages 
        since there is no package declaration.
        // no package declaration

        public class Person {
            String firstName;
            String lastName;
        }
     Do not use the default package for real applications. It is perfectly fine for simple, educational applications, like "Hello world", but 
     more complex projects will be better 
     in named packages.   