A tool for processing a text.

1.  Why regular expressions?
    They can either check if a whole string or its substring matches the given pattern or replace the substring with another one.

2. Matching on examples: more PARKs

    when you perform a Ctrl+F search on a web page:
    We can easily solve this problem using the PARK pattern. 
    The pattern means that symbols P, A, R, K in a word must follow each other from the left end to the right in a word. 
    We suppose that the whole word matches the pattern if any part (substring) of the word matches it.
    Here are some explanations:

    the word PARK exactly matches our pattern;
    the word SPARK matches our pattern because it has a suitable substring;
    the word PARKING matches our pattern due to the same reason;
    the word MARK doesn't match our pattern because of the letter M;
    the word QUARKS doesn't match our pattern since it does not have a suitable part that matches PARK.

    In regular expressions, the case of characters is relevant: park is not the same as PARK, i.e., they do not match.

3. The power of regular expressions
    Finding substrings is not very impressive, though. 
    The real power of regular expressions comes when you start using special metacharacters called wildcards.

4. The dot character
    The dot character . matches any single character including letters, digits, and so on, except for the newline character, unless it is specified.
    The last example:
        pattern: ".ARK"
        -> Hooray, both words MARK and QUARKS match the new pattern! But the WARM word does not.
        With .RK. -> which is matched by WARM, CLARA, PART and so on.

5. The question mark
    The question mark ? is a special character that means “the preceding character or nothing". 
    The question mark ? signals that the character before it can occur once or zero times in a string to match the pattern. 
    When can we use it?
    Ex:
        colou?r will match colour & color 
    Let's return to our previous example. The word ARK does not match the .ARK pattern. 
    -> But if we add ? right after the dot character .?ARK, 
    the word ARK will match the new pattern since the first character is optional now.
